 The funeral of a man shot dead by police on a motorway slip road has been held. Yassar Yaqub, 28, from Huddersfield, was shot in a car stopped near junction 24 of the M62 as part of an operation on Monday. An inquest into his death was also opened and adjourned in Bradford. Meanwhile, Mohsin Amin, 30, from Dewsbury, who was arrested as part of the operation, has appeared in court charged with firearms offences. For live updates and more from across West Yorkshire Hundreds of mourners gathered for the funeral service at the Jamia Masjid Bilal mosque in Huddersfield. Mr Yaqub's coffin was carried out of the service by family and friends before being driven away for burial. Earlier his father, Mohammed Yaqub, told BBC Radio Leeds: "He will be missed by us very deeply. He will still live on in our hearts day-to-day." Bradford Coroner's Court heard Mr Yaqub had been shot through the windscreen of an Audi car after a "hard stop" on the motorway slip road. He died from gunshot wounds to his chest. Coroner Martin Fleming was told a firearm had been found in the front passenger footwell of the Audi. Four unmarked police cars were involved in the incident with one, a Mercedes, cutting across the front of the Audi, coroner's officer Chris Dalby told the hearing. "During the incident an officer discharged a firearm in the execution of his duty," he added. Mr Fleming adjourned the inquest until 31 March. The Independent Police Complaints Commission, which is investigating the operation which led to Yassar Yaqub's death, said none of the officers involved were using body-worn video cameras and no relevant CCTV footage of the incident has been found. A non-police issue firearm was found in the Audi in which Mr Yaqub was travelling, the IPCC confirmed. The white Audi was one of two cars stopped by police on the slip road. The other vehicle was a white Volkswagen Scirocco. Mr Amin appeared at Leeds Magistrates' Court charged with possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence, possession of a sound moderator and possession of ammunition. He was remanded in custody and is due to appear before Leeds Crown Court on 3 February. Four other men arrested as part of the operation have been released on police bail. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites The agents allegedly handed stolen Democratic emails to WikiLeaks before the US presidential election. Street smart soul singer wins the BBC Sound of 2017 Extraordinary images from one family's China journey How one country has almost eradicated gun crime What spoiled Mariah Carey's new year celebration? Tech predictions for 2017  Awards buzz grows for Manchester by the Sea Student rebels against higher cost of higher education How to get the job you want Maya Soetoro-Ng on the Obama years