Indian actor Om Puri dies aged 66 - BBC News Share this with Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Copy this link Veteran Indian actor Om Puri, star of British hit East is East, has died aged 66, a family member told the BBC. Puri suffered a heart attack at his residence in Mumbai early on Friday, reports say.  Om Puri, who acted in both mainstream and art films, was known for his gritty performances in a number of landmark Indian films in the 1980s. He also appeared in the British TV series Jewel in the Crown and the film City of Joy. Puri was awarded an honorary OBE for his contribution to the British film industry in 2004. He was known for his performances in critically acclaimed films like Ardh Satya and Paar and the satirical Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro. Puri also worked in a number of foreign films, including The Reluctant Fundamentalist, East is East, and most recently in The Hundred-Foot Journey. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office led the tributes to the actor: A number of leading filmmakers and actors also remembered Puri: Donald Trump is "mindless" for attacking the intelligence community, Vice-President Joe Biden says. Extraordinary images from one family's China journey Tech predictions for 2017  How to get the job you want Awards buzz grows for Manchester by the Sea Photographing the men who sieve for diamonds in Sierra Leone Maya Soetoro-Ng on the Obama years How Jill changed attitudes on rape  Rag 'N' Bone Man is runner-up in the BBC Sound of 2017 Glowing pyramids, dancing clowns and wildfire fightingIndian actor Om Puri dies aged 66 - BBC News Share this with Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Copy this link Veteran Indian actor Om Puri, star of British hit East is East, has died aged 66, a family member told the BBC. Puri suffered a heart attack at his residence in Mumbai early on Friday, reports say.  Om Puri, who acted in both mainstream and art films, was known for his gritty performances in a number of landmark Indian films in the 1980s. He also appeared in the British TV series Jewel in the Crown and the film City of Joy. Puri was awarded an honorary OBE for his contribution to the British film industry in 2004. He was known for his performances in critically acclaimed films like Ardh Satya and Paar and the satirical Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro. Puri also worked in a number of foreign films, including The Reluctant Fundamentalist, East is East, and most recently in The Hundred-Foot Journey. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office led the tributes to the actor: A number of leading filmmakers and actors also remembered Puri: Donald Trump is "mindless" for attacking the intelligence community, Vice-President Joe Biden says. Extraordinary images from one family's China journey Tech predictions for 2017  How to get the job you want Awards buzz grows for Manchester by the Sea Photographing the men who sieve for diamonds in Sierra Leone Maya Soetoro-Ng on the Obama years How Jill changed attitudes on rape  Rag 'N' Bone Man is runner-up in the BBC Sound of 2017 Glowing pyramids, dancing clowns and wildfire fightingIndian actor Om Puri dies aged 66 - BBC News Share this with Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Copy this link Veteran Indian actor Om Puri, star of British hit East is East, has died aged 66, a family member told the BBC. Puri suffered a heart attack at his residence in Mumbai early on Friday, reports say.  Om Puri, who acted in both mainstream and art films, was known for his gritty performances in a number of landmark Indian films in the 1980s. He also appeared in the British TV series Jewel in the Crown and the film City of Joy. Puri was awarded an honorary OBE for his contribution to the British film industry in 2004. He was known for his performances in critically acclaimed films like Ardh Satya and Paar and the satirical Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro. Puri also worked in a number of foreign films, including The Reluctant Fundamentalist, East is East, and most recently in The Hundred-Foot Journey. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office led the tributes to the actor: A number of leading filmmakers and actors also remembered Puri: Donald Trump is "mindless" for attacking the intelligence community, Vice-President Joe Biden says. Extraordinary images from one family's China journey Tech predictions for 2017  How to get the job you want Awards buzz grows for Manchester by the Sea Photographing the men who sieve for diamonds in Sierra Leone Maya Soetoro-Ng on the Obama years How Jill changed attitudes on rape  Rag 'N' Bone Man is runner-up in the BBC Sound of 2017 Glowing pyramids, dancing clowns and wildfire fighting